# TenguNews News app
## my video:https://youtu.be/FdGQZmdwd4o
### Description of project: API news and weather site.

### This project is an API sourced news site that pulls various news articles from different news sources and organizes them in various categories depending on the navbar category title. They are arranged in a grid fashion with two articles per row. It has an API sourced weather widget which pulls from the browser the user’s current location and an API sourced and a weather page that gives detailed data on any given cities current weather that is put in the search field, as well as various other weather-related data such as pressure and longitude and latitude.  It has a subscription function that both registers the user and also automatically sends a registered confirmation email. Prior to login users cannot access any article or weather function.

### This project’s files are made up of standard D’jango files. An app named newsapp was created in settings.py as well as inserting data for the auto email function in the register function in views.py of which contains an index functions that searches through data called from an api news source such as title, description, images and publication as well as organizing it in the appropriate category that the user may call on with the navigation bar. A login and logout function of which logs a user in or out. A weather function that calls a list of data already mentioned above and a contact function of which directs the user to a contact page where a list of contact information is found. Also added is a url.py file for the newsapp urls, a template folder containing the html files login, logout, register, index, weather and contact page.  There are corresponding html pages with an additional success.html page and a widget.html page for the weather widget at the top of the layout .html page where the logo, title, navigation bar and the user’s login name is presented. There is also a static folder with the static files styles.css of which handles most of the css styling and a library.js that handles most of the JavaScript needed and a jpeg file containing the logo image.

### When a user goes to the index page before one has subscribed the user is able to see the basic content of the page an even click through various search titles in the navigation bar, however, they are unable to access any article and are unable to access the weather page and its information until the user has subscribed. Once the “subscribe” link has been accessed the register page will appear where the user is able to register their name, a username and password and their email address. The user will be automatically emailed a welcome letter and will be automatically signed in. The user now has access to all articles and the weather page of which once visited the user can find the information by typing a city into the search bar and clicking the search icon.

### Distinctiveness and Complexity: This project sets itself apart from other projects like Network or E-commerce because users have no capability to add post, like, comment or manipulate post in any fashion. Logged in users only have the ability to access articles and weather information. This projects complexity and distinctiveness comes from its ability to pull data from several api sources as well as its ability to search through that data and organize it in the parameters of given search value. With three api sources this makes for a large amount of data retrieval. It’s auto-mailer upon registration function is also distinctively unique to this project as well as its immediate local weather widget that uses the user’s browser to find its location and present local weather data to the user. Overall, these features both satisfy the complexity and the distinctiveness requirements for project capstone.
